Update gh-bb-integration.md (#5081)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/gh-bb-integration.md

# github.com:22 SSH-2.0-babeld-2e9d163d
➜  ~ ✗
```

> You can add that key to known_hosts by runing the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add the key to known_hosts by running the following command:
```
